[View code on GitHub](https://github.com/alephium/alephium/ralphc/src/main/scala/org/alephium/ralphc/Cli.scala)

The `Cli` class is responsible for parsing command line arguments and invoking the Alephium compiler to compile smart contracts. It defines a set of command line options that can be used to configure the compiler, such as the location of the contract and artifact folders, whether to treat warnings as errors, and which warnings to ignore.

The `Cli` class uses the `scopt` library to define and parse command line options. It defines a `parser` object that specifies the available options and their behavior. When the `call` method is invoked with an array of command line arguments, it uses the `parser` to parse the arguments and create a `Configs` object that contains the parsed options. It then invokes the `Compiler` class to compile each project specified by the `Configs` object.

The `Cli` class also defines several private methods that are used to handle the results of the compilation process. The `error` method is called when an error occurs during compilation, and it prints an error message to the console. The `warning` method is called when a warning is generated during compilation, and it prints a warning message to the console. The `result` method is called when compilation is complete, and it prints the warnings generated by each script and contract.

Overall, the `Cli` class provides a convenient way to compile smart contracts using the Alephium compiler from the command line. It allows users to configure the compiler using a set of command line options, and it provides feedback on the compilation process by printing error and warning messages to the console. Here is an example of how to use the `Cli` class to compile a set of contracts:

```
$ java -jar ralphc.jar -c contracts -a artifacts -w
```

This command will compile the contracts located in the `contracts` folder and store the compiled artifacts in the `artifacts` folder. It will also treat warnings as errors, causing the compilation process to fail if any warnings are generated.
## Questions: 
 1. What is the purpose of this code?
- This code defines a command-line interface (CLI) for the Alephium project's `ralphc` compiler.

2. What are the available options for this CLI?
- The available options include specifying contract and artifact folders, treating warnings as errors, ignoring specific types of warnings, enabling debug mode, and printing usage or version information.

3. What is the expected input format for the `call` method?
- The `call` method expects an array of strings representing command-line arguments to be parsed by the `OParser` library.