[View code on GitHub](https://github.com/alephium/alephium/blob/master/wallet/src/main/scala/org/alephium/wallet/api/model/Transfer.scala)

The code defines several case classes related to transferring funds in the Alephium project. The `Transfer` case class represents a transfer of funds from one or more source addresses to one or more destination addresses. It contains an `AVector` of `Destination` objects, which represent the destination addresses and the amount of funds to be transferred to each address. The `gas` field is an optional `GasBox` object, which represents the amount of gas to be used in the transaction. The `gasPrice` field is an optional `GasPrice` object, which represents the price of gas in the transaction. The `utxosLimit` field is an optional integer that represents the maximum number of unspent transaction outputs (UTXOs) to be used in the transaction.

The `TransferResult` case class represents the result of a single transfer. It contains the ID of the transaction (`txId`), the index of the source group (`fromGroup`), and the index of the destination group (`toGroup`). The `TransferResults` case class represents the results of multiple transfers. It contains an `AVector` of `TransferResult` objects. The `from` method of the `TransferResults` object takes an `AVector` of tuples representing the results of multiple transfers and returns a `TransferResults` object.

This code is used in the Alephium project to facilitate the transfer of funds between addresses. The `Transfer` case class is used to specify the details of the transfer, including the source and destination addresses and the amount of funds to be transferred. The `gas` and `gasPrice` fields are used to specify the gas limit and gas price for the transaction, respectively. The `utxosLimit` field is used to limit the number of UTXOs used in the transaction. The `TransferResult` and `TransferResults` case classes are used to represent the results of the transfer, including the transaction ID and the source and destination group indices.

Example usage:

```
val destinations = AVector(Destination("address1", 10), Destination("address2", 20))
val gasBox = GasBox(100000)
val gasPrice = GasPrice(100)
val utxosLimit = Some(10)
val transfer = Transfer(destinations, Some(gasBox), Some(gasPrice), utxosLimit)

// perform transfer and get results
val transferResults = performTransfer(transfer)

// convert results to TransferResults object
val results = TransferResults.from(transferResults)
```
## Questions: 
 1. What is the purpose of the `Transfer` class and what parameters does it take?
- The `Transfer` class is used to represent a transfer of funds to one or more destinations. It takes a vector of `Destination` objects, and optional parameters for `gas`, `gasPrice`, and `utxosLimit`.

2. What is the `TransferResults` class and how is it constructed?
- The `TransferResults` class is used to represent the results of multiple transfers. It is constructed from a vector of tuples containing a `TransactionId`, `GroupIndex` for the sender, and `GroupIndex` for the receiver. The `from` method is used to create a `TransferResults` object from this input vector.

3. What is the purpose of the `SuppressWarnings` annotation on the `Transfer` class?
- The `SuppressWarnings` annotation is used to suppress a specific warning generated by the WartRemover tool. In this case, the `DefaultArguments` wart is being suppressed, which warns against using default arguments in method or case class parameters.