[View code on GitHub](https://github.com/alephium/alephium/blob/master/api/src/main/scala/org/alephium/api/model/BuildTransaction.scala)

The `BuildTransaction` class is a part of the Alephium project and is used to build a transaction object that can be sent to the Alephium network. The transaction object contains information about the sender, the recipient, the amount being sent, and other details required for the transaction to be processed.

The class takes in several parameters, including the sender's public key, the type of public key, the recipient's address, the amount being sent, and other optional parameters such as the gas amount, gas price, and target block hash. These parameters are used to create a transaction object that can be sent to the Alephium network.

The `BuildTransaction` class is used in conjunction with other classes and methods in the Alephium project to create and send transactions. For example, the `TransactionBuilder` class can be used to create a transaction object using the `BuildTransaction` class and then send it to the Alephium network using the `sendTransaction` method.

Here is an example of how the `BuildTransaction` class can be used to create a transaction object:

```
import org.alephium.api.model.BuildTransaction
import org.alephium.protocol.model.BlockHash
import org.alephium.protocol.vm.{GasBox, GasPrice}
import org.alephium.util.AVector
import akka.util.ByteString

val fromPublicKey = ByteString("sender_public_key")
val destinations = AVector(Destination("recipient_address", 100))
val gasAmount = Some(GasBox(1000))
val gasPrice = Some(GasPrice(10))
val targetBlockHash = Some(BlockHash("target_block_hash"))

val transaction = BuildTransaction(
  fromPublicKey = fromPublicKey,
  destinations = destinations,
  gasAmount = gasAmount,
  gasPrice = gasPrice,
  targetBlockHash = targetBlockHash
)
```

In this example, a transaction object is created with the sender's public key, the recipient's address, the amount being sent, and other optional parameters such as the gas amount, gas price, and target block hash. This transaction object can then be sent to the Alephium network using other classes and methods in the project.
## Questions: 
 1. What is the purpose of the `BuildTransaction` case class?
- The `BuildTransaction` case class is used to represent a transaction to be built, including information such as the sender's public key, the transaction's destinations, and optional gas and block hash information.

2. What is the `BuildTxCommon` trait and how is it related to `BuildTransaction`?
- The `BuildTxCommon` trait is a common trait shared by multiple case classes used in building transactions. `BuildTransaction` extends this trait to inherit common functionality.

3. What is the purpose of the `SuppressWarnings` annotation above the `BuildTransaction` case class?
- The `SuppressWarnings` annotation is used to suppress warnings generated by the WartRemover library, specifically the "DefaultArguments" wart. This wart warns against using default arguments in case classes, which is used in the `BuildTransaction` case class.