[View code on GitHub](https://github.com/alephium/alephium/api/src/main/scala/org/alephium/api/model/BuildMultisig.scala)

The code defines a case class called `BuildMultisig` which is used to represent the parameters required to build a multisig transaction in the Alephium blockchain. 

The `fromAddress` parameter represents the address from which the funds will be transferred. The `fromPublicKeys` parameter is a vector of public keys that will be used to sign the transaction. The `destinations` parameter is a vector of `Destination` objects, which represent the addresses and amounts to which the funds will be transferred. 

The `gas` and `gasPrice` parameters are optional and represent the gas limit and gas price for the transaction respectively. Gas is a measure of computational effort required to execute a transaction on the blockchain. The gas limit is the maximum amount of gas that can be used for a transaction, while the gas price is the amount of cryptocurrency paid per unit of gas. 

This case class is used in the Alephium API to allow users to build multisig transactions programmatically. By providing the necessary parameters, users can create a transaction that can be signed by multiple parties, increasing security and reducing the risk of a single point of failure. 

Here is an example of how this case class can be used:

```
import org.alephium.api.model.BuildMultisig
import org.alephium.protocol.PublicKey
import org.alephium.protocol.model.Address
import org.alephium.protocol.vm.{GasBox, GasPrice}
import org.alephium.util.AVector

val fromAddress = Address.Asset.fromString("0x123456789abcdef")
val fromPublicKeys = AVector(PublicKey.fromString("0xabcdef123456789"))
val destinations = AVector(Destination(Address.Asset.fromString("0x987654321fedcba"), 100))
val gas = Some(GasBox(100000))
val gasPrice = Some(GasPrice(1000000000))

val multisigTx = BuildMultisig(fromAddress, fromPublicKeys, destinations, gas, gasPrice)
```

In this example, a multisig transaction is being built with a `fromAddress` of "0x123456789abcdef", a single `fromPublicKey`, a single `destination` of "0x987654321fedcba" with an amount of 100, a `gas` limit of 100000, and a `gasPrice` of 1000000000. The resulting `multisigTx` object can then be used to create and sign a multisig transaction on the Alephium blockchain.
## Questions: 
 1. What is the purpose of the `BuildMultisig` case class?
   - The `BuildMultisig` case class is used to represent the necessary information for building a multisig transaction, including the sender's address, public keys, and destination addresses.

2. What are the `GasBox` and `GasPrice` classes used for in this code?
   - The `GasBox` class represents the amount of gas that will be used in a transaction, while the `GasPrice` class represents the price of gas in a transaction. These are both optional parameters for the `BuildMultisig` case class.

3. What is the significance of the `SuppressWarnings` annotation?
   - The `SuppressWarnings` annotation is used to suppress warnings generated by the WartRemover tool, which is a Scala linter. In this case, the `DefaultArguments` wart is being suppressed.