[View code on GitHub](https://github.com/alephium/alephium/api/src/main/scala/org/alephium/api/model/BuildTransaction.scala)

The `BuildTransaction` class is a model used in the Alephium project to represent a transaction that can be built and sent to the network. It contains various fields that are used to specify the details of the transaction, such as the sender's public key, the list of destinations and their amounts, the list of unspent transaction outputs (UTXOs) to use as inputs, the gas amount and price, and the target block hash.

The `BuildTransaction` class is a case class, which means that it is immutable and can be easily copied and modified. This is useful when building transactions incrementally, as each modification can be done by creating a new instance of the class with the updated fields.

The `BuildTransaction` class extends the `BuildTxCommon` trait, which provides some common functionality used in building transactions. It also extends the `FromPublicKey` trait, which specifies that the transaction is being built from a public key.

One important field in the `BuildTransaction` class is the `destinations` field, which is a vector of `Destination` objects. Each `Destination` object represents a recipient of the transaction and contains the recipient's address and the amount to send. For example, to send 1 ALEPH to address "abc123", the `destinations` field would contain a single `Destination` object with address "abc123" and amount 1.

Another important field is the `utxos` field, which is an optional vector of `OutputRef` objects representing the UTXOs to use as inputs for the transaction. If this field is not specified, the transaction builder will automatically select UTXOs to use based on the amount being sent and the available UTXOs in the sender's account.

The `gasAmount` and `gasPrice` fields are used to specify the amount of gas to use for the transaction and the price to pay for each unit of gas, respectively. Gas is used to pay for the computational resources required to execute the transaction on the network.

The `targetBlockHash` field is used to specify the hash of the block that the transaction should be included in. This is useful when building transactions that are time-sensitive or need to be included in a specific block for some other reason.

Overall, the `BuildTransaction` class provides a flexible and extensible way to build transactions in the Alephium project. By specifying the various fields of the class, developers can create transactions that meet their specific needs and requirements.
## Questions: 
 1. What is the purpose of the `BuildTransaction` class?
   - The `BuildTransaction` class is used to represent a transaction to be built, including information such as the sender's public key, the transaction's destinations, and optional gas and block hash information.

2. What is the `BuildTxCommon` trait and how is it related to `BuildTransaction`?
   - The `BuildTxCommon` trait is a common trait shared by multiple classes related to building transactions. `BuildTransaction` extends this trait and inherits its methods and fields.

3. What is the purpose of the `SuppressWarnings` annotation above the `BuildTransaction` class definition?
   - The `SuppressWarnings` annotation is used to suppress warnings generated by the WartRemover static analysis tool. In this case, it is suppressing warnings related to default arguments.